Support ms:mexecute (#524)
kuzzleio/sdk-javascript: doc/7/controllers/ms/mexecute/index.md

---
code: true
type: page
title: mexecute
---

# mexecute

Allows the execution of multiple commands or 'actions' in a single step.

> It creates a redis **transaction** block and **executes** it immediately, all actions will be executed sequentially and as a single atomic and isolated operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It creates a Redis **transaction** block and **executes** it immediately, all actions will be executed sequentially and as a single atomic and isolated operation.
```

[[_Redis documentation_]](https://redis.io/topics/transactions)

::: warning

> Only already supported actions can be executed using **mexecute**.

Reviewer: It's the memory storage controller actions

> Only already supported actions can be executed using **mexecute**.

Author: ```suggestion
Only already valid actions of the memoryStorage controller can be executed using **mexecute**.
```
